Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we are going to have the validation check to our seller's registration form.
Okay.
Now, in order to do this, we have to head back to our VTS code and then the London seller screen and
what we can do, we can use control and B to make this wide.
Okay, not to do this the test form field.
Has a property known as validator.
So you can see this is the first test form field for the foo name and it has a property known as validator.
Validator and we need a parenthesis over here because it is a callback and within the parentheses it
needs something known as value value.
And the value is basically referring to whatsoever we're going to type in here.
So f f f so the value is basically referring to this f, f, f if it is a DTD, the value is basically
referring to this dtd.
And over here we need this.
And now we are going to have some check.
So via we can create an IFF statement and we can say if value.
If Value Dots is empty.
Okay.
We need a no check over here.
If it is.
If it is empty, then.
We are going to return a test.
Which is going to say please full name.
Full name must not be empty.
Okay.
Else.
We can then retard.
No, that is.
We do not want to do anything at the moment.
Okay.
Great.
Or via the telephone field as the property known as validator.
And you can see we have this parenthesis over here and we pass in the value.
And the value is basically referring to whatsoever the user is going to type in here.
So this is f f, so the value is referring to this F, F, F, and over here we created an F statement
and we are saying if the value is not empty, then only we want to return a test which says Please full
name must not be empty else if it is filled in, we don't we don't want to do anything right.
Okay.
That means we want to go ahead.
Now, to make this validator work, we have to create something known as form key to do that over here.
We are going to create a variable and we can just go ahead and specify the type of variable it is a
type of something known as global.
Luba Cheh.
And we can then say from states.
Okay.
And now we can call this variable underscore form key.
And it's going to be equal to.
Sorry, Glauber.
Over key.
Wilbur.
Globe, Iraqi and Dubai.
It is from state.
Okay.
Great.
And now we need to bind this form key to form.
To do that, what we have to do is over this column.
We are going to wrap it.
That is the parent column.
We are going to wrap it with a widget known as form.
So over here we can alight and use control and dot wrap with widgets.
And we're going to wrap this with a widget known as form.
And now this form has a property known as key and we can then call the underscore key.
Remember, we are also on this call form key.
Remember, we are basically making this we made it on this call because we want this variable not to
be assessable outside this London seller screen.
So what we can do, we can use control and s and.
We're going to need to scroll down to where we have this button.
Right.
The sign up button.
And.
Okay.
This is it over here.
The sign up and we have to look for.
The button.
Okay.
This is it over here.
You can see the sign up and this is the gesture detector.
And over here, we need an E statement.
You statement again.
And we're going to say on the score from Key Dodd's current state, we are checking the current state
or the current situation of the form.
The current state dot is valid date.
That is if the fields are not empty.
We need a no check over there.
Then we want to print something to ourselves for now.
Which is going to say.
Could.
Good house if it is empty, that is.
If it is not validated.
Right.
Then want to say please?
Okay.
We can just print these.
Fields.
Or you can just say, please do the right.
Ten.
Okay.
And we need a semicolon over here.
And semicolon and use contrariness to say this is basically all we need to do to set validation for
that first field.
Okay.
Now let's try to click on this.
You can see, please full name must not be empty.
So all we just have to do now is to do it for the rest.
Like I'm going to do it one more time so you understand the process.
Then I'm going to copy the rest of the codes.
Okay.
This is for the full name and this is for the password, and so this is for the email.
And we can basically just use this field.
He's going to walk similar.
Right?
But the reason we are using this test form field is the test field does not have this property known
as known as known as validator.
You can see we do not have that validator property.
So over here, over the customer log screen.
Over the customer log in screen.
You can see we are not using anything like validates or where we are basically using that way to validate
our users.
Right.
So basically you can just get rid of this.
And use the test form field.
So still the same thing.
But we need access to the validator, right?
So that's why we have to use the test form field because there is nothing like that for the test field.
Okay.
Now we have access to the validator.
And over here, we need to pass the value and the values referred to whatsoever.
These are going to type into the text field and value.
Okay.
And now we can have an if statement, a value that is empty.
But you do.
It is empty.
Okay.
We need a check.
Can you use and be okay if it is empty?
Then we.
Want to return.
It says it's going to say place.
Email must not be empty.
OC and else.
We just want to go on with our life.
Okay.
This country needs to save.
And.
Now click on this.
Look, you can see the way up.
This email must not be empty.
Hopefully you've mastered this process.
We can just copy this now and.
Basted for the password.
Okay.
And this is going to be password.
And use controller.
And say, please password must not be between this way and the previous way we did.
That is creating a controller controller class and you can see we have this validation.
You can choose which one is more convenient for you and you can use any of them.
It's basically going to work similar.
So I think maybe this one we are currently using is a bit more easier to setup validation or anyone
you think it's more convenient for you, you can just go with that there of ways to do the same thing,
to achieve the same results and flow to.
So any of the ways you think is very convenient for you, you can go with it.
What could guys say in the next lecture?